[FSTORE-309] Add support for like operator in query filter (#154)
logicalclocks/logicalclocks.github.io: docs/user_guides/fs/feature_view/query.md

In the same way as joins, applying filters to feature groups creates a query with the applied filter.

> Filters are constructed with Python Operators `==`, `>=`, `<=`, `!=`, `>`, `<` and Addition Methods `isin` and `like`. Bitwise Operators `&` and `|` are used to construct conjunctions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Filters are constructed with Python Operators `==`, `>=`, `<=`, `!=`, `>`, `<` and additionally with the methods `isin` and `like`. Bitwise Operators `&` and `|` are used to construct conjunctions.
```
